new, clearer docs (#506)
pikapkg/snowpack: docs/docs/01-introduction.md

### What is Snowpack?

> **Snowpack  is a modern, lightweight toolchain for web application development.** Traditional dev bundlers -- like Webpack or Parcel -- need to rebuild & rebundle entire chunks of your application every time you save a single file. This introduces lag between changing a file and seeing those changes reflected in the browser, sometimes several seconds long in larger applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Snowpack is a modern, lightweight toolchain for web application development.** Traditional dev bundlers like webpack or Parcel need to rebuild & rebundle entire chunks of your application every time you save a single file. This introduces lag between changing a file and seeing those changes reflected in the browser, sometimes as slow as several seconds.
```

nit:
- no em-dash needed since you’re not really breaking your flow of thought? But it doesn’t hurt to have if you feel it breaks the sentence up better
- webpack is lowercase
- IMO that end sentence is one of the most important things to understand about Snowpack; I wanted to give it a bit more punch

- Babel
- TypeScript
- PostCSS

> - Sass

Reviewer: ✨

Author: Haha a hill worth dying on?

Reviewer: Absolutely

That and smart quotes/em-dashes (which I might to a F&R on at some point 😛)
